Hi listeners, welcome back to No Priors.
Today I'm here with Street Ramaswami,
[music]
the CEO of Snowflake, the former founder
of Neva and the SVP of Google Ads. We
will talk about his [music] first 18
months of being CEO, the incredible
execution over that time in shifting a
company at scale to being AI first,
where the enterprise ROI is, and what
happens to the cloud service providers
[music] and the ads model in the age of
AI. Welcome
>> Sarah. Really excited to be back.
>> Well, it's a it's a pleasure to talk to
you as an old friend and colleague. The
last time we spoke, you were on the
entrepreneurial journey.
>> That's right. doing search still. You're
now 18 months into being CEO of
Snowflake. It has been a a very eventful
[clears throat] 18 months.
>> Tell us a little bit just about the
journey from, you know, taking the
mantle from Frank to, you know, the
first few months to where you guys are
today. I think the the markets reacted
in many ways. Yeah. Um most recently
incredibly well to the execution, but
I'm it's it's been a journey.
>> That's right. That's right. Snowflake
has always been an amazing product
company. The original product that
Benoan Theory conceived of 10 plus years
ago was many years ahead of its time and
it took the world by storm. Now
obviously they had the story IPO the
biggest software IPO of that at that
time. I think what happened was the
company was a little slow to reacting to
changes from things like machine
learning and AI and that was a little
bit of honestly the reason why Frank
voluntarily pushed for the change
because he felt preciently that we are
headed into a time that was just a lot
more tumultuous from a product
perspective and he wanted someone that
was product first to be in charge of the
company and the last 18 months have
really been about embracing that wave of
change and if you look back to what's
happened in the last you know two years
it's crazy how much change has happened
with respect to AI how it's become
common place every day in all of our
lives and then the speed at which things
are still getting driven through I think
the really amazing thing about Snowflake
is the company embraced this change
transformed itself and then showed that
not only can we do it from a product
perspective which one could have
expected but we also done significant
things to retool our marketing our go to
market overall I think that
transformation has been pretty amazing
to watch but you know times can be
difficult last year uh there were a lot
of doubters but there were a lot of us
who believed both in the value that
snowflake was already creating and the
reason I took this job was because I
talked to a whole lot of customers
before I became CEO they all loved
snowflake and that was a big motivation
for me to take this job. So I think we
have sort of successfully ridden through
that um and are now at the cutting edge
of data and AI for enterprises. It's
been an amazing journey to have gone
through.
>> Walk me through just some of the like
orientation prioritization you did in
the first 6 months and then you know a
little bit more about the long-term
vision here. Yeah, the first 6 months
were uh a lot of tactical changes which
primarily around accountability like
every company that goes through
essentially a rocket ship phase of
growth growing at 100 plus% yearon year
>> uh Snowflake had basically specialized
at every layer possible and there was a
very long distance between the engineer
that did a feature and the customer that
made use of that feature and there were
like seven to 10 layers of teams that
were involved. That works fine when you
have perfect product market fit and
you're trying to optimize for every
function.
>> You're just the winning cloud data
warehouse.
>> Yeah. Drive a truck through that.
>> But on the other hand, if uh you're
working in the world of AI where we can
barely tell what's going to come out
next month, forget next year. This is
the wrong structure to have. So we did a
lot of organizing by different areas.
Making sure that there were accountable
people. For example, in product
engineering, that was among the first
changes. organized into different
product areas like AI or the core
warehousing analytics product. Um but
then we also wanted a straight line over
to our go to market team. So we created
these specialized teams that work
closely with product and engineering and
marketing to take these new products to
market and that was a lot of the early
phase of uh snowflake with an emphasis
towards faster iteration. This is
something that I've believed in all my
life which is speed wins. Ability to
iterate always trumps carefully laid out
strategies. Yes, you shouldn't do dumb
things but on the other hand realizing
any kind of gain requires a lot of
iteration. So we made a number of
changes uh on that side both with
respect to how quickly we created
products but also how quickly we
iterated with customers and I would also
say we took a little bit of time to find
sort of our sweet spot in this AI space
as you know that itself has evolved a
lot we are not a CSP we are not a
foundation lab so what are we and there
was that discovery of ourselves as the
AI data cloud as opposed to the data
cloud and I think um it's that kind of
clear product insight into what value we
add that is setting up the stage for the
earlier parts of the year or even what
we are about to talk about today.
>> You know now you're announcing snowflake
intelligence. Um tell us tell us about
that and how it fits into the broader
vision.
>> I mean first of all when it came to AI
as I said we had to look hard at
ourselves. Early last year we uh
actually went down the path of creating
foundation models. We created a credible
model. This was early last year, but we
also quickly realized that our ability
to compete with the likes of OpenAI or
Anthropic was going to be really hard.
We simply did not have the capital to be
able to invest meaningfully in things in
things like that. So we pivoted away
from that into much more of a how does
AI massively accelerate what can be done
um with data that is in snowflake and uh
over time that can become a reason to
bring more data into snowflake which is
the phase that we are in now but uh a
lot of our AI product strategy was
actually quite humble it didn't say we
are going to rethink everything it said
enormous number of customers
um you know something like half of the
qualifying Fortune 2000 companies on the
planet are Snowflake customers. They
have their most valuable data on
Snowflake. What does AI mean for that?
And so we systematically invested in the
components whether it was search or
whether it was text to SQL in ways that
added on value to the things that people
were already doing um with Snowflake.
And SI is an agentic platform but it's
actually an opinionated agentic
platform. A lot of agentic platforms for
example from the CSPs will basically say
oh you can bring in data from anywhere.
You can imagine any kind of workflow
that you want to do and the one agent
will rule them all which is nice in
theory but in practice when you have an
infinity of things that you can do it's
also hard to figure out what you should
actually do. Snowflake Intelligence is
very focused on how do you create value
from data whether it's structured or
unstructured a whole lot faster and uh
so the kind of use cases that got us
really excited honestly internal ones
were things like if we were to take all
of the different dashboards that we used
in sales and put it into one single
interface what could that be we had done
two three versions of this but
eventually that culminated in this
internal product we call it Raven but
it's basically the sales data assistant
Then we started working with early
customers whether it is a Cisco or a
fanatics or the USA bobsled team to
figure out what does this all mean for
them. And the theme again is get away
from the inflexibility of things like
dashboards. A dashboard is a 2D view of
a complex surface.
>> It just has no easy answers to the many
questions that any reasonable person you
or I is going to have off of that. So we
wanted to create something that freed
people of the 2D style of thinking was
much more flexible in what it gave
people access to but also knew its
place. This is not a general purpose
agentic platform to do it all. This is
an agentic platform that lets people
realize value from data faster and is a
great foundation for people to get value
from data like really quick in a
meaningful way. I think having this sort
of an opinionated framework for AI has
been super helpful for us. How does a
user consume snowflake intelligence? Is
it like I ask a question, I get pushed
an answer, it builds dashboards for me
on like how should I imagine that
experience?
>> Yeah. So, we should show a demo of
snowflake intelligence uh to you. But uh
yes, it's an interactive interface. You
can ask questions. There are a set of
canned questions uh to make sure that
you know you don't have block when it
comes to being able to ask uh questions.
You can ask it to say, "Hey, what data
sets do you have access to? What kind of
questions can you answer? It'll do a
perfectly reasonable job of that. And
our aspiration was for this product to
be used by every single employee in the
company.
>> So it's not for people who can write
SQL.
>> It's not for people that can write SQL.
We wanted it to be enough of a daily use
product for every single person.
>> There is not a single customer meeting
that I'm going to have without quickly
checking up on what's the latest with
this customer. And so uh Raven that I
talked about our sales data assistant
absolutely has things like what's our
relationship with the customer what kind
of contract have they signed what is
their consumption looking like but also
things like what are the most recent
conversations that we have had with them
what came out of these are there any
outstanding tickling tickling issues and
so it is a lot of that and uh like many
good products it there's breadth there's
value driven to many many people within
a
But on the other hand, we don't pretend
it's a BI dashboard.
>> There are more things that you can do
with a Tableau or a Sigma than you can
do with SI. But that's not the goal
because this product also lets you do a
bunch of things that you could not
easily do in a dashboard and is really
meant for any business user. And we
place a lot of trust um and we place a
lot of emphasis in all our AI products
on trust. Meaning we I tell people we
need to think of AI the same way we
think about software engineering, which
is there's a right and there's a wrong.
Okay,
>> it cannot be this mode of like yolo AI.
You can get some good answers, some
terrible answers. It's your problem. And
so we very much emphasize you need an
eval for every single new thing that
you're going to launch. If you want to
change the underlying model, you need to
be able to quickly verify that you
didn't blow up on the things that you
are already doing. And so we want it to
be the trustworthy product for every
employee, which is actually a new thing
for us by the way because Snowflake for
pretty much all of its history has
always been used by the data team to
slap a dashboard on top which then gets
exposed to end users. This is a very
different motion. This is why we are
working on things like identity provider
integration so that you don't have to
set up Snowflake accounts for each of
the many users you're going to have in
your company. We are also by the fact
that there is subscription fatigue and
so snowflake intelligence is very much a
consumption product. People pay for what
they consume and we are experimenting
with a bunch of things there in terms of
how do we drive broad and deep adoption
without having people worry about
runaway costs and things like that. The
way you describe Raven or the sales
assistant agent use case, it sounds like
an application or like a lot of
applications that I get pitched like how
do you draw the line between like data
and agent system and app today.
>> Back to my point about execution, I tend
to be like completely emotionless about
where the where where the strongest
current is. On the other hand, it's
absurd if we think we are SAP or
Salesforce. We are not. there are, you
know, somebody managing a hundred
billion dollar supply chain ecosystem
with a complicated software provider
isn't saying, "Hey, I'm going to use SI
and I don't need that." That's really
not the goal. But on the other hand, I
think the line between what an agentic
system like this is going to be and what
like pure software is going to be will
be um absolutely is going to be blurry.
And I can imagine a lot of easy use
cases like my sales team has to go
update Salesforce quite often, you know,
because we force them to update when
whenever there's use case transition and
stuff like that. Can that be done with
APIs? Absolutely. Should you be able to
file a vacation on top of workday using
our HR agent? I would say that's sort of
a reasonable thing. And so we very much
take this approach of be opportunistic
but again operate from a position of
value and strength and not just on naked
ambition because I think that doesn't
work out. But if on the other hand you
focus on how do you like what does value
creation mean? What do these users
really want? I think that tends to be
much more durable. So you're describing
a bunch of changes for the organization
that you executed on very rapidly,
right? Both in
>> always feels entirely too slow.
>> Yes. I I I I have always experienced you
to be quite impatient, but you know for
scale seems pretty fast. How do you what
what is one tactical thing you were
doing are doing from a leadership
perspective in terms of like move faster
or communicate new direction internally
and get people on board because you you
know this is a this is a it's a broader
and different vision for Snowflake than
before.
>> Change is hard. You have to acknowledge
that and uh driving behavioral changes
from lots of people is incredibly
difficult. We were measured about how we
rolled out changes. Uh for example,
among the first changes were leadership
and alignment changes and clearer
accountability. That happened within a
few quarters because you're not dealing
with as many people. Yes, you organize
the teams under them. But I would say
that change also what we then call the
war room or the pod model of product and
engineering and uh our go to market
functions will all work together. That
was again an early change and it was
done with small groups of people without
necessarily disrupting lots of people. I
would say other things for example
rolling out coding agents to our
engineers uh that was a project
>> not everybody wants to do it. Some
people are skeptical some people are
not. I'm a big fan of uh combining
bottoms up with tops down approaches.
The example with coding agents is that
Benoa, our wonderful founder who fell in
love with uh coding agents did more to
drive coding agent adoption with the
engineers and any number of words from
me.
>> You sort of have to find the right
people, find the champions. Um my take
is that every large organization has
these forwardinking, curious, I'm going
to work over the weekends to figure out
how to do something kind of people. Mhm.
>> Um you need to find them, you need to
encourage them, you need to elevate them
and use that to drive change. Top down
change can be helpful but it really
needs to come you know from a bottoms up
perspective. We've rolled out coding
agents to all of uh our solution
engineers and they are excited because
that just dramatically lowered the
amount of time it takes to create a
demo.
>> Usually our demos used to be canned and
they were not always customizable to uh
a particular customer. Um but we can now
be like okay we know the kind of data we
think Elad and Sarah are going to have
um as part of their podcast let's create
a demo with you know synthetic data sets
just for that I think that's the kind of
ability that um that that we have gotten
changes heart
>> when you and I first met and got to work
together you an investor then you were
an entrepreneur
>> did either one of those roles change the
way you are a leader at scale or a CEO
>> I think these things are accretive um
They add on ways uh they add on to
things in ways that you don't always
appreciate or like then or ever. It is
what it is. I always um you know
complain to my family about the 10 years
that I spent doing research and getting
a PhD. Um I was like that was a waste of
time but not really. It um for example
doing a PhD teaches you to focus on
ideas teaches you to focus on how do you
convey them crisply. you often spend
like enormous amounts of time writing
for line abstracts, but it actually
turns out that's incredibly powerful to
be able to convey ideas in an easy way.
NEA is among the hardest and most
heartbreaking experiences of my life. It
is what it is. Sometimes you are too
early. But on the other hand, I probably
learned more about hustling, took
success far less for granted. um learned
more about social or marketing or any of
these other things that you kind of take
for granted if you're at Google. At
Google, whatever you did, my first um
launch at Google, which was entirely my
work for 3 months, one person, okay,
>> was covered by the New York Times.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Um and
>> so you just have immediate scale with
anything.
>> Yeah. Distribution, your ideas, your
products.
>> Um doing a startup real, you know, makes
you realize that that's actually
special. Um, and so I think, you know, I
bring quite a lot of that when it comes
to what does it take to hustle? What
does it take to win? Honestly, I think
both the Google and the NEA experiences
make me uh, you know, somebody that's
just a lot more grateful for my job. We
talked earlier about how you have to
deal with like a bunch of stuff that you
don't really want to deal with when it
comes to like doing something big that
you like.
>> I'm a lot more gracious about that
>> because it's just it is just such a
privilege. um to be at a place like
Snowflake to be having the kind of
impact that uh we have. I remember what
you told me after summit you said
something along the lines of thank you
for inviting me to your um rock concert.
There was a line that was more than two
blocks long of people waiting to get
into Jabit Center in New York for this
little conference that we were doing. A
lot more grateful for things like
[laughter] that. There's nothing
ordinary about it. you I think are
perhaps the world's expert on like game
theory and strategy with the tech
elephants because you have led the
elephant, fought the elephant and now
you know uh built on top of the
elephant, right? And so I think this is
this the analogy broke down at some
point but um but in terms of the
experience of building snowflake on the
cloud service providers and like both
for you today and then the analogy for
anybody building on foundation models as
you are as well like how do you how do
you think about that like what's a
framework for like creating durable
value there? I think product market fit
continues to be magical
>> is the reason that snowflake exists.
Think about it. The three hyperscalers
would love to just own the data space.
>> Yes.
>> Like they own any other space.
>> Yeah.
>> But yet there's snowflake, there's data
bricks. And so that that sort of
redeeming value is quite unique. And we
should all have a lot of humility about
what it takes to create that lightning
in uh in a bottle. Having said that, I
think the model companies especially
open AAI is super interesting because
they are in that phase of their growth
where they literally like they don't
think they can not do anything.
>> Yes. Yeah. I I joke to people that these
are like empires that have not met their
oceans just yet. And so I think you do
have to pay attention to what is likely
to be in their immediate path. So for
example, I think uh coding agents are
particularly interesting from this
perspective because it is very clear
that both anthropic and open AI
>> are going to be laser set on having the
best one um best one that there is. So I
think thinking about what is the likely
trajectory of these companies and do
they really have a right to win or is it
something that is different enough that
you don't really have to worry about
Google for example stopped at
information. God knows I spent enough
time trying to get into physical things
like shopping or airline purchases or
hotels. we didn't really succeed because
we didn't have core competence really in
some fundamental way beyond the world of
information. I think it's going to be
fascinating to discover what that kind
of a boundary is for an open AI or an
anthropic but I think there are lots of
areas that uh that can be reasonably
guessed at with respect to where they're
going to go. I think that's the one
that's tough and early patterns of if
you are for example a set of promps on
top on top of one of these models that's
a problematic space to be in you kind of
need to add uh value I also think a lot
about what differentiates us from these
model companies is an area that they're
likely to be interested in how do we
make sure that we have distance with
respect to what we add and a lot of the
urgency and change and the products we
create in collaboration with these folks
aid all take us towards the data
platform as a durable category. But this
is also a time where literally no
software company can feel secure about
their position in the sun. And I
actually think that that perhaps is just
as important as anything else that I
just said.
>> Do you have that orientation of like we
need we need to continue to earn it.
>> We need to we need to continue to earn
it. And if there is anything that you um
that all of us have learned say from the
CSPs, it is that they have infinite
budgets, they have infinite patience and
uh unless you innovate um and stay
ahead, not just be ahead but stay ahead,
you will be intel.
>> Um I think that's another really useful
lesson to remember as as a company like
Snowflake navigates the current realm.
And this resonates hugely with me both
on the dimension of like I'm thinking
about you know one of the founder CEOs
of one of my favorite companies that's
now a public company that I thought was
unassalable and you know AI I I hate to
be the person to be like well this
changes everything but they feel
threatened for the first time in many
years. I think that's a pretty common
experience right now as a software CEO.
I think especially when the technical
environment is so fluid defensibility is
built, not strategized.
>> That's correct. It's built every single
day. Um you have to keep moving. One of
the questions I I would have on the the
data cloud is like you even if you don't
have the CSP's budget, you do have the
ability to make multi-year plans and and
you you know join Snowflake because you
saw like a vision for it to be much more
than the data cloud. As a technologist
like when you look out three to five
years like how do you expect people to
think of Snowflake both you know in the
ecosystem and then customers to use it?
Most
>> our core strength comes in that data
platform layer. You know I sometimes
internally talk about being there for
our customers from inception to insight
from when is data when data is first
conceived to when somebody gets an
insight that feeds back into that
system. In fact, the pitch that I make
uh to CEOs or cos that uh I meet for the
first time is really that the great
companies of this century, a company
like a Google or a Meta were more data
first companies than like purely product
first companies than pretty much any
others compared to before. you built
cars and then you kind of did an
instrumentation to make sure that it
didn't crash or what the maintenance
records for that was. Even products,
think about it, if you built something
like Adobe Photoshop in the '90s, you
did a bunch of research, you built the
product and then you sent CDs over to
various people and then you waited for
some feedback to come back is all data
was always like a slow afterthought. Um
but search ads for example was magical
because the behavior what people did um
interacting with these ads went back
into influencing what happened to that
system pretty much like in a few
minutes.
>> Mhm.
>> And my data teams were as large as the
product teams. And what I tell our
customers is that we want to be that
companion for all different kinds of
data. We want them to have the expertise
that the Google and the metas of the
world have. And so we see AI as a
massive accelerant for things like that
because all of a sudden uh CEOs now
realize wait this is not just about data
modernization. This is not just about me
being able to run more queries or
perhaps code up a machine learning
algorithm. This could influence how my
business operations work. this could
influence what efficiency means for me
as a category. So I think that's the
tailwind that we have from AI because
the value of data just got vastly
elevated.
That's our aspiration and uh with
respect to the CSPs my my take is that a
company like Snowflake which comes data
first as opposed to a set of services
first with an emphasis on simplicity and
integration um you can create as large a
database as you like on Snowflake and
it'll be completely sharable within the
company. It'll be completely sharable to
your partners. And when we talk about AI
in Snowflake, it's not as an
afterthought. It will work with all of
the governance that you have put before.
And that kind of an integrated approach
we think will have durability because
over time the idea of buying let's say
like raw compute and storage and writing
code in order to solve a problem just it
never gets easier. And so we are a
higher level of abstraction. uh pre-I
was my main thesis for why I wanted to
be part of Snowflake. I said a data
platform that especially spans CSPs
has the right you have to earn it has
the right to be as large as a CSP
itself. And so that was roughly, you
know, why uh I joined the company. Our
medium-term vision for what we want to
be. And as I said, AI, I think, is a
massive accelerant on how do you get
value from data faster or how do you get
better at acting on data quicker?
>> When you think about the
overall data landscape today, there's
the data that's traditionally been in
Snowflake and then like,
>> you know, the investments you've made
and new partnerships you're announcing.
Can you explain like why SAP and some of
the other partners you're working with
now?
>> Yeah, this is a good question. I think
um for a while Snowflake had a
Snowflakecentric view of the world.
Plenty of people brought in data from
SAP
>> or from Workday or from Salesforce, but
what is increasingly happening is that
all of these companies realize that this
is incredibly valuable data. It's not
quite their data, it's customer data,
but they understand that it is valuable.
And they also understand that this line
between software and services and
software and data is also blurry in a
pretty meaningful way. And the one
quality that I learned from Google uh
working in areas like uh payments uh
which is all about partnerships was that
partnership mentality
>> was how do you pick a set of folks and
uh figure out how you can create value
together. Among the earliest places
where uh this went to work was you know
relationship with Microsoft which was
okay but not that great because they had
a one relationship with data bricks and
they were always kind of conflicted
about is fabric the answer or snowflake
the answer. Of course you know this
satya is the uh is is the master of how
to create winning partnerships
>> and so we took a lesson from kind of
>> how to get out of them
>> and how [clears throat] to well and how
to adjust them as you need to. So we
start we we've been working on a
partnership with them for you know the
past couple of years. This is both
product integration with things like
fabric but also how do the companies
work together. I think we're in a much
better place now compared to say 18 odd
months ago where yes there is an
understanding that we will compete with
some customers and that's fine and we
will collaborate on a whole set of other
customers where let's say Azure plus
snowflake is a strict positive which is
the same again the same attitude um that
we have with AWS and we are working on a
similar sort of arrangement with GCP
[clears throat] I think the software
providers um are different as I said
they understand the world is changing.
So with folks like SAP, we are actually
thinking much harder about what is that
oneplus 1 equals tree. With SAP, I think
it's going to be absolutely birectional
data share.
>> Um but can we also collaborate in the
area of analytics and AI and agents and
make it easier for people to create
these on top of uh SAP data. Um I think
they that can also become a leverage
point for us to expand out to more
companies because as you know SAP has
incredible presence throughout the globe
and so I think it represents a maturing
of how we think about uh partnerships.
We uh absolutely want to do this with a
few other key folks. This is not the
kind of thing that you can do with every
company, but I think that partnership
mentality create value together is
something that will stand us in
goodstead and hopefully also be
profitable for us with respect to
generating more business.
>> I want to close out with two of the most
common questions I get that I think you
are uh more prepared uh to to answer.
The first is just, you know, with every
enterprise customer I talk to, um, one
of the first two questions is going to
be where are the highest ROI use cases
for uh, for AI for my business? Um, you
run a large business, you serve large
businesses, like what is your stack rank
here? How do you how do you think people
should address it?
>> Every company now has a set of
technologists. Even if they're not
software companies, they need to deal
with technology. Mhm.
>> I I would say that coding agents are
probably the easiest ROI just in terms
of making new projects faster, making
tech demystifying technology so that
more people can get at it. As I said
earlier, we are large users um of coding
agents and we're working on coding
agents that are going to be part of
Snowflake because we want to make make
it easier for people to be able to use
Snowflake itself. what's what's good for
other people it's also good for uh is
also good for snowflake I think uh
absolutely areas like customer support
which fits the pattern of here is a
repository of human knowledge here is an
easy backup in case the AI cannot do
something uh plus his ability for AI
models to effortlessly tap into voice
into typed questions and generate
answers that's an area where there is
clearly a whole set of uh autoi faster,
easier, more seamless access to data,
especially when it's combined with I
don't have to pay for $50 uh you know
per user per month license is another
easy ROI item and that's part of kind of
our motivation for Snowflake
Intelligence of democratizing data
access. These are among the areas where
it's just more or less guaranteed ROI.
But the other way to think about this is
I think obsessing about a lot of ROI too
quickly is also a bad idea for many
companies because you don't want your
first step to be 100 ft. You want to do
a lot of little things that sort of
prove value. There's nothing, you know,
people can get plenty of value from
using, you know, the chat GPTs, even the
free ones and tools like that for many
day-to-day things that we do. I think
the more companies demystify what it is
to use AI, I think the more chance they
have of figuring out how to get value
because you take the risk. I place a lot
of emphasis on how many shots do you
take on goal.
>> How many projects can you run very very
quickly so that you get a feel for
what's the landscape of change. Um the
sales data assistant had three versions
that came before it.
>> They all this one well actually they all
stuck. They all added more and more
things on top. You did the first one was
just on enablement. The second one was a
little bit more about customer
information. We also had an app called
customer, you know, it was called yeah
customer 360. It was a stream app. It's
a Python app that you could get that
kind of information from. All of these
then culminated into the um sales
assistant which is all of these things
combined. To me, it's that journey of
iteration that's often just as important
as you know I have that big one thing
that I managed to launch. I prefer not
to take big bets whether it is in
getting engineering projects done or
these kinds of projects. I think
iterating and creating value every step
of the way is the key. And this is the
same advice that I give to our
customers. I go like you should not
spend a lot of money on AI with
Snowflake. You should do it a thousand
bucks at a time and when you have
significant value that you feel good
about, then you can wrap it up.
>> This is one reason I'm like very bullish
on applied companies that know what
their immediate usefulness is because
the landscape of what you could do with
AI if you have customer trust and you
understand the workflows is very large.
And I think there's just, you know, land
for the taking for people who have the
velocity and the and sort of also the
paranoia to keep expanding into that.
>> But it is also an argument for like why
that layer should exist because you're
just reducing the time to value versus
somebody building it themselves with a
generic framework or just straight APIs
and uh engineering work as well. Yeah.
And what a lot of our customers have
found out for example is that creating
something like cortex analyst which in
some simple way is text to SQL is
actually a much harder problem than they
actually think. There's more trust in
snowflake because we did many many
analyst projects before we ever got into
something like snowflake intelligence
which is a step level increase both in
capability but also complexity. And the
other question that I get asked a great
deal um is what do you think happens to
ads on the internet if we have you know
chat interfaces that are much more
directed instead of offering you 10 blue
links? I have to ask you.
[clears throat]
>> Uh it's a great question. Um I think
advertising is just an incredibly
powerful medium and it's an incredibly
powerful business and there are good
ways of doing advertising. I'm actually,
you know, 7 years from Google. I'm
actually more proud of the work that we
did in the search ads team now than I
was when I left Google.
>> I think there are good ways of uh doing
it and you know it when you see it. It's
a little bit of you know it's uh it's
very clear. It will reinvent itself in
the chat world. Um let's just hope it
doesn't become more insidious in terms
of discoverability and being able to
tell what's an ad or not. It would sure
be creepy for you to have a psychiatrist
that has like a um a certain affinity
for prescribing one medication versus
other. Those are the kinds of
unfortunate things that we will
discover. But
the ad model is here to stay. It will
just come in different forms. And I
think as long as it's done well, it's a
reasonable model. And as a consumer, you
also have to be smart about what's in
these things for you. uh and I think uh
ever more than before there's an
increased premium on preserving our
agencies. I think that is what we all
have to do as individuals.
>> I am really encouraged how um uh
strongly like citations and sourcing in
models has taken off in different
experiences. I certainly think that the
set of things that are being presented
to consumers has narrowed a great deal,
but uh the fact that people want to go
look at primary sources and understand
where information has come from even
given all of this reasoning is a is a
useful indicator.
>> It's a very positive thing I think. Uh
and the nice thing about some of this is
that it is not a whole lot of work for
you to say take a deep research article
written by Gemini, paste it into chat
GPD and ask it to verify all of the you
know all of the links that are there. I
think we do have uh more tools. Um you
know this we have talked about uh how we
did citations at NEA, how proud we were
then that we launched it in uh in early
2023. I think that's an idea whose
relevance is still as strong as uh ever.
Uh and I think uh you know products like
Chad GBD deep research are truly amazing
in terms of the value that they can
create. But anyone I mean think about it
like you and I can get an expert paper
literally on any topic. We just have to
have the brain power to be able to
digest it. I think that's pretty that's
pretty amazing and it's really fun to
see some of these core technologies
embrace things like that as opposed to
just writing like here's this article
take it or leave it.
>> Um I want to ask you one uh last
architectural question because you have
worked for such a long time on
information retrieval and search you
also understand LLMs. You work with a
lot of structured and unstructured data
today. So you just have a very
well-rounded point of view. I think
there is a contingent of folks that
believe that like traditional
information retrieval techniques and
indexing is less and less relevant as
more data is um available through the
model even in enterprise use cases or
non non-consumer use cases. How do you
think about that?
>> It is tempting to trivialize things like
search as just information retrieval.
The insight that powered
Google was page rank. It was a way of
harnessing the power of the entire
internet to figure out what was popular
and what was not. But page rank ran out
of juice like in six years
>> like 2004 five. And while Google never
really liked to talk about it, um the
kind of things that became more and more
relevant was the click behavior
>> on top of the search results that Google
presented. It was that feedback loop
that eventually gave it so much value.
And so when it comes to AI systems
including SI remember I talked about
eval loops and that's a fundamental
construct that you need to be able to
launch some meaningful product but it'll
also turn out that that's the construct
that you need for that product to get
better and better over time. Perhaps we
will figure out a way to encode that as
well into the context that's presented
into the model. But to me right now it's
similar to like should LLMs be able to
do math?
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. You can argue yes they should be
able to do math. They're so powerful.
But as any reasonable person will tell
you uh a smarter person is going to say
no they should not do math. Instead I
should write the two lines of Python
which I know how to you know direct and
run the Python in order to solve the
math problem. I think of trust in a very
similar way. There are well-known
solutions for figuring out what is the
most trustworthy when it comes to a
question that you want to answer. Why
would you not use that and think of that
as another tool that whatever AI system
agentic system that you're building um
is going to use rather than be kind of
like in this maximalist mode of the AI
can solve everything. I think all
practical people will use the best tools
available to them at a given point in
time. At least at this point in time
there's enough value from these outside
tools including search that I don't see
the point of trying to dismiss it right
now. I
>> I mean it's a it's a very principled
point of view of like a maximal
intelligence will use reliable tools
where
>> 100% wherever it is available. There is
there's like
>> you cannot be so smart that you don't
use the computer. [laughter]
>> Exactly. Or there is no there there's no
bravery in just like hard work. um
without if you can if something can be
done easily, you get to focus your
energy on other things. So I think
that'll very much be the case and you
the prevalence of things like search
APIs is actually a testament to the fact
that all of these models benefit from
things like that because they provide
that external information that is not
easily internalizable just into the AI
model just yet.
>> Sudor, thank you so much for doing this.
>> Thank you. Thank you Sarah.
Find us on Twitter at no prior pod.
[music] Subscribe to our YouTube channel
if you want to see our faces. Follow the
show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or
wherever you listen. That way, you get a
new episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts for every
episode at no-briers.com. [music]